FIXES
  App Dropdown
    x When launching in another window the app bar does not get hidden
      FIX: hide app bar when launching app in another window
    - Launching the default app sometimes shows the close app button...sometimes not.
    x App name can be too long
      FIX: Wrapped/Centered text if too long.  Currently max-height for app name is 2.5rem so effectively 2 lines of text and wraps on word boundary.
        If 3 then will still have issues.
        If still too long how to fix this?  font change?  more lines?  Hide overflow?


TODO
  Profile Page
    x Add a page to show currently logged in user profile
      User information to include
        x username
        list of favorite apps
        button to clear favorites or remove individual favorite
  Error Handling
    If errors are encountered how to show those errors cleanly?
    Individual apps report their own errors however they do it.
    If authentication token expires...best way to show/handle this?
      Currently just messy
  CAS/AD Integration
    How to connect Keycloak to DCGS AD
    How to pass credentials to DCGS Apps (CAS in the DCGS apps) to allow them to authenticate their calls
  PKI
    Enable PKI authentication
  Inter app communication
    Use the test data viewer/generator apps to test this (if needed)
  Update keycloak to provide a longer client session.
    What are the parameters that need to be changed to support say 18 (or something else) hours of being logged in?
    What is the current session timeout for CAS?  Suggest matching this

DESIGN SUGGESTIONS
  App Favorites
    Allow apps in the app bar to be marked as Favorites
    Favorites are stored in the db along with the user profile information when a user logs in first time
      How to identify and match the profile to the logged in user information?
      Potentially store the window layout locations
    Show the favorites on the profile page 
      Clear Favorites button
    If favorites list is not empty
      Show a Launch Favorites button somewhere in the subheader bar
        Loops through the list of favorite apps and if found in the current list launches a browser showing the app
          Check to see if app already exists
          Dont launch if already exists?  Are there apps that we want to have more than 1 session open?
  


